11. What is a primary key? Differences between a primary key and unique key.
ans: The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely identifies each record in a database table.
     Difference between Primary key and Unique key 
	-> Primary key cannot have null values whereas in Unique key we can save null values 
	-> We can have only one Primary key in a table, we can have more than one unique key in a table 
	-> Primary key creates a clustered index and unique key performs a non clustered index 

12. What are joins? List all the joins you know.
ans: SQL joins are used to query data from two or more tables, based on a relationship between certain columns in these tables.
     Types of Joins
   	 * Inner Join
 	 * Left Join
   	 * Right Join
  	 * Full Join
  	 * Cross Join

13. What is a subquery?
ans: Query within a query is known as SubQuery

14. Write a query to find the Employee who gets the 6th highest salary.
ans: SELECT TOP 1 salary FROM (SELECT DISTINCT TOP 6 salary FROM
employee ORDER BY salary DESC) a ORDER BY salary


15. What are Indexes? How many indexes can there be in a table? Explain each type of 
index? 
ans: Indexing is a mechanism to access value without performing a full table scan. Indexes are used in large tables 
     There can be one Clustered Index and maximum of 249 Non Clustered Index
     Types of Indexes 
	  1. Clustered Index 
		- Only one per Table 
		- Based on Primary Key or Unique Key
	  2. Non Clustered Index 
		- Max 249 per table 
		- Created for Master tables 

16. What are stored procedures
ans: A Stored Procedure is a precompiled collection of SQL statements. Every SP is a method.
     Syntax for creating Stored Procedure 
	CREATE PROCEDURE
	AS
	BEGIN
		....
		....
	END	
	EXEC 

17. Difference between SP and Functions
ans: 		Function								Stored Procedure 

	Functions compute a value				     Stored Procedure perform a Task 
	They can be called in a SQL command		           They cannot be called in SQL commands 
	They cannot be called from Web Browser		     They can be called Web Browser 
      Scalar value					           More than one values using out

 
18. What is a view? When to use them?
ans: View is a Virtual table that contains data from multiple tables.
	Syntax for creating a View:
	  CREATE VIEW <ViewName>
	  AS
	  ....
     We use a VIEW just like we use an ordinary table.



19. What are Temp Table and Table Variables? Where are they created? 
ans: Temp table - are used for testing data or for intermediate transformation of data. 
     Scope of temp table 
	1. Either on drop of the temp table or 	
	2. On close of the session 
     Temp Variable - are also used for holding data temporarily
     Scope of Temp Variable: 
	With in the Stored Procedure in which the temp variable is defined 

Temp Table, and Temp variables--both are created in TempDB and not in memory 

20. How to handle Exceptions in Stored Procedures
ans: We use Try catch block to handle exceptions that occur in a stroed procedures
     Syntax:
	Exception Handling
 	BEGIN TRY
 	  ....// code that may cause  an exception   

	END TRY
	BEGIN CATCH
 	  ....// code to handle the exception
	END CATCH;
 