31. Explain ACID rule of thumb for transactions.

     the acronym ACID refers to the four key properties of a transaction: 

			Atomicity -  In an application that transfers funds from one account to another, 
					  the atomicity property ensures that, if a debit is made successfully 
					  from one account, the corresponding credit is made to the other account.
		    
	 	    Consistency - Data is in a consistent state when a transaction starts and when it ends.
					 in an application that transfers funds from one account to another, 
					 the consistency property ensures that the total value of funds in both the accounts 
                            is the same at the start and end of each transaction.

		     Isolation - The intermediate state of a transaction is invisible to other transactions.
					 in an application that transfers funds from one account to another, 
					 the isolation property ensures that another transaction sees the transferred funds in one account or the other, but not in both, nor in neither.

		    Durability - After a transaction successfully completes, changes to data persist and are not undone, even in the event of a system failure. 

				      in an application that transfers funds from one account to another, 
					the durability property ensures that the changes made to each account will not be reversed.

32. What is a connection string? What are the parameters of the Connection String, and what do they define? 
    
    A connection string is a string that contains information about a data source (usually a database engine), as well as the information necessary to connect to it.
    To connect to a database, the application provides a connection string which specifies parameters such as the host, the username, the password.

33. What’s the data provider name to connect to MSSQL Server database? 

    Microsoft.data.SqlClient. 

34.What is Connection Pooling?

   Connection pooling is a technique of creating and managing a pool of connections that are ready for use by any thread that needs them.
    Connection pooling can greatly increase the performance of your Java application, while reducing overall resource usage.

35. What are the three methods of the Command Object? Explain when to use them. 

     Execute : Executes the queries, stored procedures
     Cancel : Stops the method execution
     CreateParameter : To create a parameter object.

     they are used to pass values to SQL Statements.
    
36. What is the purpose of Parameters in a Command Text? 

    The parameter is an output parameter. The parameter represents a return value from an operation such as a stored procedure, built-in function, or user-defined function.
    
37. What are the best practices to be used while using ADO.NET? 

   1. Use the using statement for disposing of resources
   2. Avoid executing multiple queries in a single command
   3. Always explicitly close connections when finished with them
   4. Implement connection pooling to reduce database round-trips
   5. Make use of stored procedures and parameterized queries
   6. Define transactions to ensure data integrity
   7. Take advantage of asynchronous programming whenever possible
   8. Be aware of potential SQL injection attacks
   9. Leverage the ADO.NET Entity Framework
   10. Utilize bulk operations for inserting large amounts of data

38. What is the role of IEnumerable? 

   Enumarables are iterators in java. They are used to access data inside a datastructure like list,map,queue. IEnumarable is an interface in C# so that the collection can implemet the interface so we can access the data by looping.
   This works for read-only access to a collection that implements that IEnumerable can be used with a foreach statement
 
39. Difference between normal collection and Generic Collection? 

    The generic collection classes can be used to overcome this issue. Generic collections store elements internally in arrays of their actual types. 
    Therefore, type casting is not required.
    
    Normal collection- in collections we need not mention the datatype
    Generic collection-we have to mention the datatype specifically 
    Generic collections are faster compared to normal collections. 
    Generic collections gets checked only during the compile time


40.Argument cannot be null Exception.

