
21. Can you implement multiple interfaces?

 Yes, it is possible to implement multiple interfaces in C#. 
In C#, a class can implement multiple interfaces by simply listing all of the interfaces that it implements, 
separated by commas, in the class definition.

22. What’s the difference between an interface and abstract class?
  Interfaces cannot contain implementation code, while abstract classes can.
A class can implement multiple interfaces, but it can only inherit from a single abstract class.
Interfaces are used to specify a set of methods that a class must implement, while abstract classes are used to provide a common base class for one or more derived classes.
Interfaces are typically used to define a common behavior that can be shared by multiple unrelated classes, while abstract classes are used to define a common base class for a hierarchy of classes.

23. What’s the difference between System.String and System.Text.StringBuilder classes?
 System.String is a class in the .NET framework that represents a string of Unicode characters. 
 It is immutable, which means that once a string object is created, its value cannot be changed.
 Any operation that appears to modify a string object actually creates a new string object with the modified value.

 System.Text.StringBuilder is a class in the .NET framework that represents a mutable string of Unicode characters.
 It allows you to efficiently modify a string by appending, 
 inserting, or deleting characters, without the need to create a new string object each time.

24. Can you store multiple data types in System.Array?
   yes it is also possible .By creating an array of objects, which can store elements of any type.
   For example:object[] objects = new object[5];
   
25. Which is the .NET collection type that allows the retrieval of data by a unique key?

    Using both Dictionary and hashTable can retrive unique key 
    but hashtable is faster than dictonary

26. Will finally block get executed if the exception had not occurred?

    Yes, the finally block will be executed regardless of whether an exception has occurred 

27. Can multiple catch blocks be executed?
    
    No,multiple catch blocks cannot be executed. 
    Once first catch block is catched, it will not read the next block.


28. What’s the role of the DataReader class in ADO.NET connections?

    The Data Reader allows you to import data from text files an ODBC, OLE DB or OLE DB for OLAP (ODBO) source into a Board database.
    A DataReader protocol defines how the external data should be imported into Board database and mapped to entities and InfoCubes; i.e. it defines what fields of a relational database table (or file) should be fed into what entities and InfoCubes.

29. Write a program to break the following String into an array of Strings, so that each day is a 
String:
String weekdays = “Sun;Mon;Tue;Wed;Thur;Fri;Sat”;
Also display count of days.

public class ClassA{
    public static void Main(string[] args)
    {
     String s = "Sun;Mon;Tue;Wed;Thur;Fri;Sat";
            count = 0;
            String[] a = s.Split(";");

 

            foreach (String i in a)
            {
                count++;
            }
              Console.WriteLine(count);   

          }

 

        }

 

30. What is the wildcard character in SQL? Write the select statement to query the Employees 
table, and list all employees whose name starts with La

A wildcard character is used to substitute one or more characters in a string.
Wildcard characters are used with the LIKE operator.
 The LIKE operator is used in a WHERE clause to search for a specified pattern in a column.
% - bl% ( finds bl, black, blue, and blob)
_ - h_t (finds hot, hat, and hit)
[]- h[oa]t (finds hot and hat, but not hit)